# resources
things I found useful

BLOGS

•	VetSec
https://www.veteransec.com/blog/ 

•	IronGeek IR
https://www.youtube.com/user/irongeek

•	Abatchy’s blog
https://www.abatchy.com/2017/02/oscp-like-vulnhub-vms.html

•	Jack Hacks
https://jhalon.github.io/becoming-a-pentester/ 

•	Tulpa Security
https://tulpa-security.com/2016/09/12/so-you-failed-your-oscp/ 

•	SandboxEscaper’s Blog
https://sandboxescaper.blogspot.com/p/disclosures_8.html

•	PinkysPlanet
https://pinkysplanet.net/failing-the-oscp-exam/

•	Alpha cybersecurity
https://alphacybersecurity.tech/my-fight-for-the-oscp/ 

•	Kentosec
https://kentosec.com/2019/10/09/how-to-pass-the-oscp-a-beginner-friendly-guide/ 

•	Fyodor’s page
http://sectools.org/ 



BLUE TEAM

•	SANS Internet Storm Center diaries 
https://isc.sans.edu/diaryarchive.html

•	SANS live IR with Powershell
https://www.sans.org/reading-room/whitepapers/forensics/live-response-powershell-34302

•	Palo Alto’s Unit 42 Playbooks
https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/

•	IETF
http://www.ietf.org/

•	VirusTotal
https://www.virustotal.com/

•	Verify running processes domain-wide
https://isc.sans.edu/forums/diary/Verifying+Running+Processes+against+VirusTotal+DomainWide/25078/

•	Remove Exif data from images
http://www.linux-magazine.com/Online/Blogs/Productivity-Sauce/Remove-EXIF-Metadata-from-Photos-with-exiftool

•	Analyzing Linux Logs with Loggly
https://www.loggly.com/ultimate-guide/analyzing-linux-logs/ 

•	Rsyslog
https://github.com/rsyslog/rsyslog

•	PCAP Exercises
https://malware-traffic-analysis.net/

•	Forensic Test Images
https://www.dfir.training/resources/references/test-images-and-challenges/test-images-and-challenges/all

•	Remove PII from public places like MyLife
https://medium.com/better-humans/how-to-remove-your-information-from-sites-like-mylife-77f89aff1aff

•	Long Tail log Analysis w/ Powershell
https://isc.sans.edu/forums/diary/Finding+the+Gold+in+a+Pile+of+Pennies+Long+Tail+Analysis+in+PowerShell/25074/

•	Setting a Grub Password
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Grub2/Passwords

•	Disable Core Dumps
o	https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/linux-disable-core-dumps/
o	https://linux-audit.com/understand-and-configure-core-dumps-work-on-linux/

•	Hawkeye
https://github.com/Ice3man543/hawkeye

•	Linux Private I
https://github.com/rtcrowley/linux-private-i

•	MITRE’s Cascade Server
https://github.com/mitre/cascade-server

•	Getting Started with MITRE ATT&CK
https://attack.mitre.org/resources/getting-started/

•	DShield Honeypot
https://www.dshield.org/

•	APT Groups and operations
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1H9_xaxQHpWaa4O_Son4Gx0YOIzlcBWMsdvePFX68EKU/pubhtml

•	Robtex Domain Registrar
https://www.robtex.com/ 

•	Wordpress malware removal guide
https://www.webarxsecurity.com/comprehensive-wordpress-malware-removal-guide/

•	HoneyDrive
https://bruteforcelab.com/honeydrive

•	The Honeynet Project
http://www.honeynet.org/

•	CobaltStrike 4.0
https://medium.com/@bigb0ss/red-team-cobalt-strike-4-0-malleable-c2-profile-guideline-eb3eeb219a7c

•	CobaltStrike Walkthrough
https://www.pentestpartners.com/security-blog/cobalt-strike-walkthrough-for-red-teamers/

•	Creating a C2 Profile in CobaltStrike
https://medium.com/@bigb0ss/red-team-cobalt-strike-4-0-malleable-c2-profile-guideline-eb3eeb219a7c 

•	Cobalt Strike Offense-In-Depth
https://blog.cobaltstrike.com/2012/12/05/offense-in-depth/

•	Hardening Linux 
o	https://vez.mrsk.me/linux-hardening.html
o	https://hostadvice.com/how-to/how-to-harden-your-ubuntu-18-04-server/
o	https://linux-audit.com/ubuntu-server-hardening-guide-quick-and-secure/
o	https://ubuntu.com/server/docs
o	https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/131800/how-do-i-harden-compilers-as-suggested-by-lynis
o	https://www.ostechnix.com/how-to-limit-users-access-to-the-linux-system/

•	Unshorten any URL
http://unshortme.com/

•	/hblock Automatic Hosts-file hardening
https://hblock.molinero.xyz/

•	Be random. It is the most 2020 thing you can do
https://www.reddit.com/r/privacy/comments/6lnq4p/increase_your_anonymity_on_reddit_with_random/

COMPLIANCE

•	Title 18 US Codes § 1029 and 1030
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1030

•	Title 15 CFR § 740.17 Encryption Commodities, Software and Technology
https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/15/740.17

•	NIST Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity
https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/CSWP/NIST.CSWP.04162018.pdf

•	NIST 800-37 Rev 2 Risk Management Framework
https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-37/rev-2/final

•	How to design a Disaster Recovery Plan
https://cloud.google.com/solutions/designing-a-disaster-recovery-plan

•	NIST SP 800-66 Rev 1. Introductory Guide for Implementing HIPPA Security Rule
https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-66/rev-1/final

•	NIST 800-115 Conducting Technical Risk Assessments
https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-115/final

•	NIST SP 800-147B BIOS Protection Guidelines for Servers
https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-147b/final

•	NIST SP 800-160B SSE Approach: Trustworthy Secure systems
https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-160/vol-1/final

•	NIST SP 800-160B SSE Approach: Developing Cyber-Resilient Systems
https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-160/vol-2/draft

•	NIST Policy on Hash Functions
https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/hash-functions/nist-policy-on-hash-functions

•	PCI-DSS
https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/document_library

•	ISO/IEC TR 27103:2018 
https://www.iso.org/standard/72437.html

•	Cryptographic Module Verification
https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/itl-bulletin/2014/12/cryptographic-module-validation-program-cmvp/final

•	Full disk encryption with LUKS
https://www.pavelkogan.com/2014/05/23/luks-full-disk-encryption/

•	Security considerations for OEMs 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/design/device-experiences/oem-security-considerations

•	Authenticate users through cisco switches with RADIUS
http://mrickert.com/2017/08/03/authenticate-ad-users-on-cisco-switches-through-radius/

•	Use GPO to control OneDrive sync client settings
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/onedrive/use-group-policy#KFMOptInNoWizard

•	Folder Redirection to OneDrive with InTune
https://stealthpuppy.com/onedrive-intune-folder-redirection/

•	How to silently configure OneDrive for business with InTune
https://osddeployment.dk/2017/12/18/how-to-silently-configure-onedrive-for-business-with-intune/

•	OneDrive for business PowerShell commands
https://martinsblog.dk/onedrive-for-business-new-commands-for-powershell/

•	OneDrive PowerShell mgmt. controls
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2015/07/16/new-it-management-controls-added-to-onedrive-for-business/

•	Exchange 2019 Preferred Architecture
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/plan-and-deploy/deployment-ref/preferred-architecture-2019

•	CIS Critical Controls: Application Whitelisting
https://isc.sans.edu/forums/diary/The+Other+Side+of+CIS+Critical+Control+2+Inventorying+Unwanted+Software/25072/

•	CIS Blueprints for use with Azure
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/blueprints/samples/cis-azure-1.1.0/deploy

•	ISECOM Research
http://www.isecom.org/research.html

•	Swimlane SOAR
https://swimlane.com/platform/

•	What is your system’s survival time?
https://itknowledgeexchange.techtarget.com/security-corner/whats-your-systems-survival-time/



CERTIFICATE AUTHORITIES

•	Deploying Enterprise Certificate Authority (Windows Server)
https://stealthpuppy.com/deploy-enterprise-subordinate-certificate-authority/

•	Fix Broken CRL / CA Deployment Issues
https://stealthpuppy.com/resolving-issues-starting-ca-offline-crl/

•	Create your own Certificate Authority in CentOS
https://linoxide.com/security/make-ca-certificate-authority/

•	Where to find ca.pl
http://daviditnotes.blogspot.com/2008/04/where-is-capl.html


DELL POWEREDGE R720

•	Dell R720 Memory Guidelines
https://www.dell.com/support/article/us/en/04/sln153646/poweredge-r720-system-memory-guidelines?lang=en

•	Fix iDRAC not displaying hostnames on Dell R720
https://www.dell.com/support/article/us/en/04/sln306586/dell-poweredge-idrac-is-not-displaying-esxi-6-5-system-host-name-and-operating-system-correctly?lang=en
http://vikashkumarroy.blogspot.com/2012/03/how-to-update-hostname-on-dell-idrac.html


LABS

•	Vulnhub
https://www.vulnhub.com/ 

•	Pentesterlab  this is good shit
https://pentesterlab.com

•	Pentesterland
https://pentester.land/

•	OverTheWire  this is important
https://overthewire.org/wargames/bandit/

•	HackTheBox  this is good shit
https://www.hackthebox.com 
•	Build your own iOS lab
https://echopwn.com/ios-testing-guide-part-1/


LOGGING AND AUDITING

•	Remote Logging with Sysstat
https://www.crybit.com/sysstat-sar-on-ubuntu-debian/

•	Linux Audit System
https://www.theurbanpenguin.com/installing-the-linux-audit-system-on-ubuntu-18-04/

•	File Integrity Aide
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/FileIntegrityAIDE



MACHINE LEARNING

•	How to create a Machine Learning Antimalware System
o	https://www.evilsocket.net/2019/05/22/How-to-create-a-Malware-detection-system-with-Machine-Learning/ 
o	https://github.com/evilsocket/ergo

•	A Guide to Machine Learning for Appsec
https://www.templarbit.com/blog/2018/08/13/a-guide-to-machine-learning-for-application-security

•	Build a deep learning machine
https://www.oreilly.com/learning/build-a-super-fast-deep-learning-machine-for-under-1000

•	Deep learning network forensics using Tensorflow
https://opensourceforu.com/2016/09/deep-learning-network-packet-forensics-using-tensorflow/

•	Deep Exploit
https://securityonline.info/deep-exploit/

•	Bypass those fancy ML detectors
https://www.peerlyst.com/posts/how-to-bypass-machine-learning-malware-detectors-with-generative-adversarial-networks-chiheb-chebbi 


macOS / MACBOOK

•	Brew package manager for macOS
https://brew.sh/

•	macOS scripting for sysadmins
https://scriptingosx.com/macos-installation-for-apple-administrators/

•	Join your Mac to a Windows Domain
https://www.pluralsight.com/blog/tutorials/join-mac-to-windows-domain

•	Creating 802.1X Profile for macOS
https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/1985872-creating-802-1x-profile-for-mac-os

•	Digital Signatures
https://gpgtools.tenderapp.com/kb/how-to/first-steps-where-do-i-start-where-do-i-begin-setup-gpgtools-create-a-new-key-your-first-encrypted-mail

•	Working with Apple Configuration Profiles
https://developer.apple.com/business/documentation/Configuration-Profile-Reference.pdf

•	Endpoint self-protection on macOS
https://www.mdsec.co.uk/2018/08/endpoint-security-self-protection-on-macos/

•	Devolutions RDP for Mac
https://cloud.devolutions.net/

•	Reverse malware on a mac w/o getting infected
https://www.sentinelone.com/blog/how-to-reverse-macos-malware-part-one/ 

•	Enroll macOS with InTune
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/enrollment/macos-enroll


MISC

•	Chef
https://learn.chef.io/#/
o	Knife.rb
https://docs.chef.io/config_rb_knife.html

•	Puppet
https://puppet.com/

•	Grafana & Prometheus
https://prometheus.io/docs/visualization/grafana/

•	XenServer
https://docs.citrix.com/en-us/xenserver/7-0/downloads/installation-guide.pdf

•	MS Virtual Machines
https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/tools/vms/

•	Easy2Boot
http://www.easy2boot.com/add-payload-files/

•	Belarc Advisor
http://www.belarc.com/en/products_belarc_advisor

•	BitchX tips and tricks
https://albert.rierol.net/bitchx_tricks.html#My%20.bitchxrc%20fil

•	BitchX proper terminal fonts / ASCII
http://awwsheezy.com/2013/03/03/cp437-ibm-extended-ascii-in-osx-terminal-for-bbss-bitchx-ansi-etc/

•	Crowdstrike Falcon
https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/activity/dashboard

•	Building an Infosec lab on the cheap
https://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/building-an-infosec-lab-on-the-cheap

•	Windows 10 Secure Boot SMM and what secure boot’s vuln really means
https://blogs.dxc.technology/2016/07/07/windows-10-secure-boot-and-the-system-management-mode-smm-bios-vulnerability/

•	Cybersecurity Supply vs Demand Heatmap
https://www.cyberseek.org/heatmap.html

•	Privacy Rights Clearing House
https://www.privacyrights.org/data-breaches

•	Homelab Hero
http://homelabhero.com/

•	Corelan’s articles
https://www.corelan.be/index.php/articles/

•	Fix the locale bug in Kali Linux 2019.4
https://wiki.debian.org/ChangeLanguage

•	BASH regenerate .bashrc from current shell
https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/281089/regenerate-bashrc-from-current-shell\30 

•	BAD ASS BASH ALIASES
https://www.cyberciti.biz/tips/bash-aliases-mac-centos-linux-unix.html

•	Blank Unicode characters are fun
http://emptycharacter.com/

•	Build a TIG stack
o	https://devconnected.com/how-to-setup-telegraf-influxdb-and-grafana-on-linux/
o	https://devconnected.com/how-to-install-grafana-on-centos-8/
o	https://computingforgeeks.com/monitor-linux-system-with-grafana-and-telegraf/
o	https://medium.com/@petey5000/monitoring-your-home-network-with-influxdb-on-raspberry-pi-with-docker-78a23559ffea
o	https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-influxdb/
o	https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/docker/
o	https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/docker-comes-to-raspberry-pi/
o	https://lkhill.com/telegraf-influx-grafana-network-stats/
o	https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/ping

•	Build a TICK stack (it really is better)
https://medium.com/better-programming/the-tick-stack-as-a-docker-application-package-1d0d6b869211

•	Build your own U2F Token
https://github.com/conorpp/u2f-zero/wiki/Building-a-U2F-Token

•	How to host a Tor hidden service
https://tor.stackexchange.com/questions/58/securely-hosting-a-tor-hidden-service-site

•	Tor Network Directory
https://deepweb.link/


NETWORKING

•	Network Design Templates
https://www.networkworld.com/article/2348118/cisco-subnet/network-design-templates.html

•	Online IP Subnet Calculator
http://www.subnet-calculator.com/

•	Subnetting Mastery
https://www.reddit.com/r/ccna/comments/8n19fp/subnetting_mastery_video_series_has_released/

•	Homelab Basics: DNS
https://blog.lohannes.com/2018/09/homelab-basics-dns.html

•	Configuring Stateful Firewall Rules with Juniper
https://www.juniper.net/documentation/en_US/junos/topics/usage-guidelines/services-configuring-stateful-firewall-rules.html

•	Iptables Essentials
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/iptables-essentials-common-firewall-rules-and-commands

•	UFW Essentials
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/ufw-essentials-common-firewall-rules-and-commands

•	Windows Firewall w/ Advanced Security
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2008-R2-and-2008/cc754274(v=ws.11)


•	Interpreting the Windows Firewall Log
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2003/cc758040(v=ws.10)

•	OSX Application Firewall
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201642

•	GNS3 Academy
https://academy.gns3.com/ 

•	Meraki
https://meraki.cisco.com/videos/switch

•	Reset a Cisco Nexus
http://notthenetwork.me/blog/2013/05/28/reset-a-cisco-2960-switch-to-factory-default-settings/

•	OpenWRT Project
https://openwrt.org/

•	ZeroTier
http://zerotier.com/download.shtml

•	CCIE R&S Resources
https://learningnetwork.cisco.com/docs/DOC-34952

•	System Design Templates 
http://www.projectmanagementdocs.com/project-documents/system-design-document.html#axzz5DyYincdj

•	USB to UART Bridge
https://www.silabs.com/products/development-tools/software/usb-to-uart-bridge-vcp-drivers

•	PAN-OS Administrator’s Guide
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/9-0/pan-os-admin


POWERSHELL

•	Export AD Group members PowerShell
https://activedirectorypro.com/powershell-export-active-directory-group-members/

•	Get Description of AD user with PowerShell
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33948704/get-description-of-an-ad-user-with-powershell

•	Copy AD accounts
https://dmitrysotnikov.wordpress.com/2008/01/10/copy-ad-accounts-with-powershell/

•	Generate list of usernames with PowerShell
https://www.hofferle.com/generating-lists-of-computer-names-with-powershell/

•	Manipulate Packages Remotely PowerShell
https://jackiechen.org/2011/08/03/powershell-uninstall-software-remotely/

•	PowerShell NetSwitchTeam and building multi-gig or redundant links
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/netswitchteam/?view=win10-ps

•	Use PSExec to run commands remotely

o	https://theitbros.com/using-psexec-to-run-commands-remotely/
o	https://devblogs.microsoft.com/scripting/learn-how-to-run-powershell-scripts-against-multiple-computers/
o	https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/invoke-command?view=powershell-6

•	Join domain with PowerShell
https://activedirectorypro.com/join-computer-to-domain-using-powershell/

•	Powershell Docs module
https://github.com/EvotecIT/PSWinDocumentation


RASPBERRY PI

Natendo Pi
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07CTSPTQ8/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&th=1

•	Kismet on Raspberry Pi
o	http://www.intellamech.com/RaspberryPi-projects/rpi3_kismet.html#_interactive_kismet
o	https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-network-scanner/
o	https://www.tindie.com/products/dragorn/kismet-raspberry-pi0w-case/

•	Unifi on Raspberry Pi
o	https://community.ui.com/questions/Step-By-Step-Tutorial-Guide-Raspberry-Pi-with-UniFi-Controller-and-Pi-hole-from-scratch-headless/e8a24143-bfb8-4a61-973d-0b55320101dc
o	https://loganmarchione.com/2016/11/ubiquiti-unifi-controller-setup-raspberry-pi-3/
o	https://homenetworkguy.com/how-to/install-unifi-controller-on-raspberry-pi-with-docker/

•	TIG Stack on RPi with docker
o	https://alexsguardian.net/grafana-start-from-scratch/deploying-grafana-in-docker/
o	https://jorgedelacruz.uk/2018/10/01/looking-for-the-perfect-dashboard-influxdb-telegraf-and-grafana-part-xii-native-telegraf-plugin-for-vsphere/

•	Caddy + SSL Proxy for the home lab
https://alexsguardian.net/grafana-start-from-scratch/caddysslgrafana/

•	TorBox on Pi from Scratch
https://www.torbox.ch/?page_id=205

•	Get USB-C Ethernet passthrough working on Pi 4
https://www.hardill.me.uk/wordpress/2019/11/02/pi4-usb-c-gadget/

•	Pi-Hole
https://pi-hole.net/

•	StickyFingers
https://whitedome.com.au/re4son/sticky-fingers-kali-pi/ 

•	SnooPi
https://medium.com/@elkentaro/snooppi-a-raspberry-pi-based-wifi-packet-capture-workhorse-part-1-n-for-snooppi-1fa14ed67e01 



RED TEAM

•	SANS Penetration Testing Blog
https://pen-testing.sans.org/blog/pen-testing

•	Penetration Testing Execution Standard
http://www.pentest-standard.org/index.php/Main_Page

•	List of Bug Bounty Write-ups
https://pentester.land/list-of-bug-bounty-writeups.html

•	HighOn.Coffee’s PTCS
https://highon.coffee/blog/penetration-testing-tools-cheat-sheet/

•	Red Team Tips
https://vincentyiu.co.uk/red-team-tips/

•	Sploitus
https://sploitus.com/

•	How to create an anonymous IDA Pro database
http://0xebfe.net/blog/2013/01/13/how-to-create-anonymous-ida-pro-database-dot-idb/

•	Buffer overflow whitepaper
http://index-of.co.uk/Hacking-Coleccion/15%20-%20Buffer%20Overflow%20(Root%20On%20Server%20Ii)%20%5b-PUNISHER-%5d.pdf

•	Pivoting Techniques
https://bitrot.sh/cheatsheet/14-12-2017-pivoting/ 

•	Pivoting Tips
https://artkond.com/2017/03/23/pivoting-guide/

•	Privesc Fundamentals
http://www.fuzzysecurity.com/tutorials/16.html 

•	g0tmi1k’s Basic Linux Privesc
https://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/08/basic-linux-privilege-escalation/

•	Privesc using PATH
https://www.hackingarticles.in/linux-privilege-escalation-using-path-variable/ 

•	Auto-privesc for the lazy
https://www.hackingarticles.in/linux-privilege-escalation-via-automated-script/ 

•	Powershell for Pentesters
https://gittobook.org/books/184/PowerShell-for-Pentesters

•	Binary Exploits
https://trailofbits.github.io/ctf/exploits/binary1.html

•	BadUSB
https://github.com/brandonlw/Psychson 

•	Hacking Law Firms w/ Abandon Domain names
https://blog.gaborszathmari.me/2018/08/22/hacking-law-firms-abandoned-domain-name-attack/

•	IPRotate, change IP on each burp request via AWS cloudfront
https://amp.kitploit.com/2019/08/iprotate-extension-for-burp-suite-which.html?amp=1&m=1 

•	Silence noisy neighbors by transmitting through their speakers
https://lifehacker.com/5852903/silence-noisy-neighbors-by-transmitting-signals-through-their-own-speakers

•	Serverless Red Team Infrastructure Pt 1
https://www.mdsec.co.uk/2018/09/serverless-red-team-infrastructure-part-1-web-bugs/

•	Encoding and decoding Base64 strings in Powershell
https://stackabuse.com/encoding-and-decoding-base64-strings-in-python/

•	Embed powershell script into a PNG file
https://github.com/peewpw/Invoke-PSImage

•	Stego Encoder
https://manytools.org/hacker-tools/steganography-encode-text-into-image/ 

•	Bypass Paywalls
https://github.com/iamadamdev/bypass-paywalls-chrome/blob/master/README.md

•	Scrapy
http://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/intro/overview.html

•	Kali in Hyper-V
https://www.shaileshjha.com/how-to-install-and-setup-kali-linux-in-hyper-v-in-windows-operating-system/

•	Hack your Dell R720
o	https://www.platformsecuritysummit.com/2018/speaker/johnson/PSEC2018-Dell-Firmware-Security-Justin-Johnson.pdf

o	https://blog.rapid7.com/2013/07/02/a-penetration-testers-guide-to-ipmi/  

•	APT 2
https://github.com/MooseDojo/apt2/blob/master/README.md

•	RFID Thief
https://scund00r.com/all/rfid/tutorial/2018/07/12/rfid-theif-v2.html

•	HackingArticles.in CTF Challenges
http://www.hackingarticles.in/capture-flag-challenges/

•	Ghostpack / Harmj0y
http://www.harmj0y.net/blog/redteaming/ghostpack/

•	Beyond LLMNR Spoofing
https://blog.netspi.com/exploiting-adidns/

•	Nmap preset scans explained
https://www.securesolutions.no/zenmap-preset-scans/ 

•	Getting around Firewalls and IDS with nmap
https://nmap.org/book/man-bypass-firewalls-ids.html

•	Red Team Toolkit
https://github.com/infosecn1nja/Red-Teaming-Toolkit

•	How to bypass AV with mimikatz
https://www.blackhillsinfosec.com/bypass-anti-virus-run-mimikatz/

•	Hiding shell using PrependGate Metasploit
https://www.hackingarticles.in/hiding-shell-using-prependmigrate-metasploit/ 

•	Speed up your binary exploits
https://parzelsec.de/speed-up-your-exploits/ 

•	Interactive Buffer Overflow
https://nagarrosecurity.com/blog/interactive-buffer-overflow-exploitation 

•	Privesc with Buffer Overflow
https://butter0verflow.github.io/oscp/OSCP-WindowsPrivEsc-Part1/

•	PEB WinDBG analysis and process manipulation
https://fullshade.github.io/blog/post/2019/12/26/PEB-analysis-exploitation.html 

•	32bt Buffer Overflow made easy VeteranSec
https://veteransec.com/2018/09/10/32-bit-windows-buffer-overflows-made-easy/ 

•	Impacket and Kerberos to get Domain Admin
http://blog.redxorblue.com/2019/12/no-shells-required-using-impacket-to.html 

•	Proxy Code Execution with WMIC
https://medium.com/@threathuntingteam/msxsl-exe-and-wmic-exe-a-way-to-proxy-code-execution-8d524f642b75 

•	Weaponizing Kerberos Protocol Flaws
http://www.exumbraops.com/layerone2016/party 

•	Living off the Land, Opening Powershell when you can’t open powershell
https://www.opensecurity.io/blog/living-off-the-land-opening-powershell-when-you-cant-open-powershell 

•	5 ways to view the content of a file in *nix
https://linuxhandbook.com/view-file-linux/ 

•	GreatSct, Appsec Whitelisting Bypass
https://www.hackingarticles.in/greatsct-an-application-whitelist-bypass-tool/

•	Extracting and making use of Chrome passwords
https://blog.elcomsoft.com/2018/01/extracting-and-making-use-of-chrome-passwords/ 

•	Write your own scanner
https://www.trustedsec.com/blog/prepare-to-write-a-scanner-plugin-before-your-next-
platform-test/ 

•	Remote DLL injector
https://securityxploded.com/remote-dll-injector.php 

•	Azure AD Connect for Red Teamers
https://blog.xpnsec.com/azuread-connect-for-redteam/ 

•	PowerZure Scripts to interact with Azure
https://github.com/hausec/PowerZure 

•	SQL server connection strings
https://www.connectionstrings.com/sql-server/ 

•	HackMOD
http://www.hackmod.de/epages/78218349.sf/de_DE/?ObjectPath=/Shops/78218349/Categories/%22Pentest%20Tools%22 

•	Upgrading simple shells to interactive
https://infinitelogins.com/2020/04/22/upgrading-simple-shells-to-interactive-ttys-w-python/ 

Vitalysim’s library
https://github.com/vitalysim/Awesome-Hacking-Resources

•	Exploit writing Part 1
https://www.corelan.be/index.php/2009/07/19/exploit-writing-tutorial-part-1-stack-based-overflows/ 

•	Egghunter Exploitation Tutorial 
https://resources.infosecinstitute.com/buffer-overflow-vulnserver/ 

•	Cyber Threat Toolkit
https://www.coresecurity.com/thank-you-downloading-penetration-testing-toolkit?submissionGuid=552d53a9-91ec-438d-94b9-3b7718ee2a48

•	OSINT pipl
•	https://pipl.com/

SPLUNK

•	Splunk + Security Onion SIEM install 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odg_B8MuGmE
https://github.com/Security-Onion-Solutions/security-onion/wiki/VMWare-Walkthrough

•	Secure Splunk with SSL
https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/7.2.6/Security/AboutsecuringyourSplunkconfigurationwithSSL

•	Splunk + Docker
https://hub.docker.com/r/splunk/splunk/#prerequisites
•	Disable Splunk’s THP (trasparent huge page)
https://answers.splunk.com/answers/188875/how-do-i-disable-transparent-huge-pages-thp-and-co.html

•	Install universal forwarders
https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Forwarder/7.2.6/Forwarder/Installanixuniversalforwarder

•	Splunk Education
https://education.splunk.com/user/learning/enrollments

•	Security Essentials 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng4kB__Xut8

•	Threat Detection 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DRHt8LJN_g

•	Threat Validation 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eY7R4SeHh-E

•	Search Splunkbase
https://splunkbase.splunk.com/apps/#/search/essentials/

•	Advanced IR and Threat Response with Sysmon and Splunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv_VXntQTpE



SECURE SHELL

•	MAC comparisons
https://ssh-comparison.quendi.de/comparison/mac.html

•	Top 20 SSH best practices
https://www.cyberciti.biz/tips/linux-unix-bsd-openssh-server-best-practices.html

•	Hardening SSH
https://anansewaa.com/quick-tips-to-harden-ssh-on-ubuntu/
OR https://www.maketecheasier.com/customize-ssh-configuration-file/
OR https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/100859/ssh-tunnel-without-shell-on-ssh-server

•	Set up PKI with SSH
https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/ubuntu-18-04-setup-ssh-public-key-authentication/
OR https://adamdehaven.com/blog/how-to-generate-an-ssh-key-and-add-your-public-key-to-the-server-for-authentication/

•	Customize your MOTD
https://ownyourbits.com/2017/04/05/customize-your-motd-login-message-in-debian-and-ubuntu/

•	Ascii art generator for the terminal SSH prompt
https://manytools.org/hacker-tools/convert-images-to-ascii-art/go/



WINDOWS DOMAIN

•	Awesome Windows Domain Hardening Resources
https://github.com/PaulSec/awesome-windows-domain-hardening/blob/master/README.md

•	Fix broken domain trust without rejoining
https://theitbros.com/fix-trust-relationship-failed-without-domain-rejoining/

•	SmartCard Auth in Win10
https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/2098704-setting-up-smart-card-login-to-windows-on-domain-pc-s

•	Deploy Server Certificates for RADIUS
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/core-network-guide/cncg/server-certs/deploy-server-certificates-for-802.1x-wired-and-wireless-deployments

•	Windows Server 2019 RADIUS Guidelines
o	https://ntsystems.it/post/Windows-Server-2019-Radius
o	https://www.virtualizationhowto.com/2018/12/installing-configuring-troubleshooting-windows-server-2019-nps-as-radius/

•	Fix Broken Windows Update Errors
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/947821/fix-windows-update-errors-by-using-the-dism-or-system-update-readiness

•	Set Lock Screen on Windows 10 Pro
https://www.reddit.com/r/usefulscripts/comments/e01n87/set_lockscreen_and_logon_ui_in_windows_10_pro/

•	Control Panel one-liners
https://www.lifewire.com/command-line-commands-for-control-panel-applets-2626060


vSPHERE AND ESXi

•	Dell’s customization of ESXi and it’s advantages
https://www.dell.com/support/article/us/en/04/sln314727/dell-s-customization-of-vmware-esxi-and-its-advantages?lang=en

•	Install ESXi onto the drive you’re installing it from (don’t ask me how this works)
https://www.vladan.fr/install-esxi-6-to-usb-as-destination-or-have-it-as-source/

•	How to Set Up ESXi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVsepuLiXK8

•	Reset ESXi Root Password
https://www.vmwareblog.org/forgot-esxi-root-password-no-problems-4-ways-reset/

•	A sysadmin’s guide to containers
https://opensource.com/article/18/8/sysadmins-guide-containers

•	Reset vCenter Root Password
https://www.vmwareblog.org/reset-vcenter-server-appliance-root-password/

•	How to Auto-Start ESXi machines (like the domain / dns)
https://www.experts-exchange.com/articles/32419/How-do-I-autostart-VMWare-ESXi-6-0-6-7-virtual-machines.html

•	How to Back Up the ESXi Host Config
https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/2042141

•	vSphere VM Security with Ansible
https://mycloudrevolution.com/en/2019/05/27/vsphere-vm-security-configuration-with-ansible/

•	Monitor ESXi with Telegraf
https://computingforgeeks.com/how-to-monitor-vmware-esxi-with-grafana-and-telegraf/

•	OS Deployment with ESXi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EbufUS86zA

•	Create vSphere Distributed Switch
https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID-D21B3241-0AC9-437C-80B1-0C8043CC1D7D.html

•	Create Management Network vSphere Integrated Containers
https://vmware.github.io/vic-product/assets/files/html/1.3/vic_vsphere_admin/mgmt_network.html

•	Kubernetes Cheat Sheet
https://linuxacademy.com/blog/containers/kubernetes-cheat-sheet/?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=2020_kubernetesblogs

•	Protect the Docker Daemon Socket
https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/https/

•	Automatically manage Kubernetes clusters on vSphere with Terraform
https://blog.inkubate.io/install-and-manage-automatically-a-kubernetes-cluster-on-vmware-vsphere-with-terraform-and-kubespray/
